21.1 mz dashboards eud (#135)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: dashboard-for-web/articles/web-dashboard-designer-mode/data-analysis/aggregations.md

> 

Reviewer: Line 17: Returns a number of non-null objects in a collection.

Can we update this to the following?

`Returns the number of non-null objects in a collection.`

## Intermediate Level Aggregations
The Web Dashboard can aggregate and summarize data on different levels.

> * The [Query Builder](../ui-elements/dialogs-and-wizards/query-builder.md) allows you to prepare an underlying data source before analyzing data. You can apply grouping, sorting, summarization and other data shaping operations during data selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [Query Builder](../ui-elements/dialogs-and-wizards/query-builder.md) allows you to prepare an underlying data source before data analysis. You can group, sort, summarize, and apply other data shaping operations during data selection.
```

> * [Dashboard items](../dashboard-item-settings.md) aggregate and summarize data at a visualization level using dimensions and measures, respectively. To learn more, see [Bind Dashboard Items to Data](../bind-dashboard-items-to-data.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Dashboard items](../dashboard-item-settings.md) aggregate and summarize data at a visualization level using dimensions and measures, respectively. See the following topic to learn more: [Bind Dashboard Items to Data](../bind-dashboard-items-to-data.md).
```
